INTERVIEWER: Welcome to Puerto Rico!
LAURA: Hi!
INTERVIEWER: Can I call you Laura or do I call you
Miss Bailey?
LAURA: You can call me Laura.
TRAVIS: Miss Bailey.
LAURA: Miss Bailey, please.
INTERVIEWER: Are you guys happy to have them
here?
(cheering)
LAURA: Yay, I'm going to hold this.
TRAVIS: I'm going to leave mine on the stand.
LAURA: I like sitting back. It's a casual sort of
environment.
INTERVIEWER: We're going to do this. We're going
to start with us asking some questions, but when
you guys are interested-- at around the 25 minute
mark-- you start doing the line, and you
will get your chance.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Wherever?
INTERVIEWER: You can ask the staff.
LAURA: You are going to be standing there a while
though.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: I don't care!
INTERVIEWER: They do love you.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: You are worth it.
LAURA: Yass, yass queen!
INTERVIEWER: As you can see, we Puerto Ricans
don't hide what we think of you.
LAURA: Oh my gosh, Binary Domain.
TRAVIS: We are going to make out.
LAURA: Oh! This is our make out scene?
(laughter)
LAURA: Oh shoot!
TRAVIS: Patching you up. I'm patching up your
arm.
LAURA: Oh yeah, oh Dan, thank you so much!
INTERVIEWER: I believe you have an accent there,
you did that accent really well.
LAURA: I know. I did. I was Chinese in this game.
(laughter)
INTERVIEWER: How did you two start in this
business?
LAURA and TRAVIS: Well--
LAURA: I started fresh out of high school. I was
doing a play, in the local Dallas theater
community, and one of the people that was in the
show with me also did voices for Dragon Ball Z. He
asked if I was interested in auditioning for
anything because he knew that there were some
characters coming up, and I was like: Yes please!
So he had me call Chris Sabat who's the voice of
Vegeta, Piccolo.
(cheering)
LAURA: I went in, I auditioned and I ended up--
I originally actually got cast as Dende, a voice
match for Dende. I went in and recorded and I was
so nervous and then about three weeks went by and
I didn't hear anything and I was like; I think I
was supposed to go back in to record some more.
Then Chris Sabat calls me he's like: Hey Laura,
this isn't actually my job, but I feel like I need
to tell you that the woman who originally played
Dende came back in town and so we replaced all
your stuff. I was like: oh no! He's like, but we
really like you and we're going to bring you back
in. I went back in and I was Trunks and that's how
that happened.
(cheering)
TRAVIS: My story is kind of attached to Laura's. I
loved Dragon Ball Z when I was in college. I
watched it all the time with my friends. One day
we watched until the credits started rolling and I
saw Laura's name go over the screen. I was like:
what the what! I know her! Because we had the same
agency in Dallas at the time so I called my agent
and was like: Why is Laura in this show that I love?
(laughter)
TRAVIS: She was like, "Oh yeah she works at
Funimation. It's in the Dallas-Fort Worth area,"
which is like 40 minutes from where I was going to
school. I was like, "Oh my God." So I called Laura
and she picks up the phone--
LAURA: I've never gotten a phone call from Travis
before
TRAVIS: I've never talked to her before. And she
was like, "Hello?" And I was like, "[inaudible mumbling]"
LAURA: Who is this?
TRAVIS: I was like, "Please! Help me get an
audition at Funimation, I want to be in Dragon Ball Z."
LAURA: Oh, sure, I'll be sure to do that. I'm
going to let them know.
TRAVIS: Three years later, I still had not gotten
a message.
LAURA: I'm terrible. I'm right on top of that,
bro.
TRAVIS: For shame! Then I did an independent film
with Mike McFarland who was a director of
Fullmetal Alchemist. He let me come in to an
audition for a character named Roy Mustang, and
that was how everything started.
(cheering)
LAURA: Wait, when did you do Yu Yu Hakusho?
Was that before or after?
TRAVIS: It was during that.
LAURA: Okay.
INTERVIEWER: We just played a clip of you as Roy
Mustang and her as Lust. It's epic.
TRAVIS: How did that work out for you, Laura?
(laughter)
LAURA: It depends on which scene we are talking
about. Oh how about this one! How did this one
work out for you, Travis?
TRAVIS: It's fine! I'm going to get the upper hand
here in one second. Watch him!
Oh no! Not the face! (yelling)
LAURA: Spoilers.
TRAVIS: Everything's okay!
LAURA: Spoilers, Fetch wins.
TRAVIS: Yeah, that's the– Yeah.
(Dismayed yelling)
TRAVIS: Oh!
LAURA: Death to Shane.
TRAVIS: He's okay. It's like Harry Potter. He just
disapparated.
(laughter)
LAURA: That's right.
INTERVIEWER: You two do voice acting, you do
motion capture, you sing, you have a beautiful
voice. I know he does Iive action, because the
first time I saw him, was as Big Jane in Nip/Tuck.
LAURA: Oh! (laughter)
TRAVIS: Yep. That happened.
INTERVIEWER: He was awesome at it.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Anarchist cookbook!
LAURA: Wow.
TRAVIS: Anarchist cookbook! That's right! I went
back in the day. Yeah.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Critical Role!
LAURA: Critical Role!
(cheering)
TRAVIS: Yeah. We both have a D&D show called
Critical Role where a bunch of crazy nerdy voice
actors play Dungeons & Dragons every Thursday
night on our Twitch channel. It's amazing. If
you've never played Dungeons & Dragons and you
think it's some nerdy thing and you're not interested--
LAURA: You're correct.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: Yeah. I promise you, you're correct and
you're wrong, because it's so great. So much fun.
(as Grog) Yes, Grog the Barbarian welcomes you to
Critical Role.
(laughter and applause)
INTERVIEWER: In all of these things, what is your
creative process? Do you do something different
for each character? Or do you have a set of rules
that you follow--
LAURA: Oh, every character is completely
different. I mean obviously it depends on what
we're doing. If we're doing motion capture, it's
like you're filming a movie. You're in there and
you'll record for months to a year filming that
character. Then with VO, you go in once every
couple months and be working on something.
Something like Persona I only got to record two
four-hour sessions and then I was done with the
whole game and so it ends up being this amazing
thing, but at the time, you don't know it, because
you're just seeing this little tiny portion of it.
TRAVIS: Yeah, there are times where we don't even
get to play the games or see anything from the
games until months and months later.
LAURA: Yeah.
TRAVIS: We don't entirely know what the entire
story is, sometimes we don't even know what the
characters look like, so it's really an exercise
in using your imagination and playing pretend.
LAURA: Yeah. And then you do something like
InFAMOUS where we got to go up to Seattle and talk
to the team who was actually developing the game
and talk about our characters early on, so
you really get to identify with the story the
entire way through.
TRAVIS: Yep.
LAURA: I mean, it was our faces.
TRAVIS: It was our faces.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Oh, Catherine!
LAURA: Catherine! This is one of those things
where I had no idea what I was getting into.
(laughter)
LAURA: I had gone to four recording sessions by
the time I even realized what Catherine was. I was
like, "What?! What is happening in this game right
now!"
TRAVIS: We tried to play the game and it was
hard.
LAURA: Yeah, right.
INTERVIEWER: If you could have any other
profession, what would it be?
LAURA: Oh, man. What would you be Travis?
TRAVIS: I would be a horse.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: I would run free through the fields! I
would be a unicorn! What would you be?
LAURA: That's a good job, Travis.
TRAVIS: Yep it would be. I would be magical.
LAURA: It is really hard though to think of any
other career!
TRAVIS: Yeah!
LAURA: I mean, I've been doing this since I was in
high school, so it's hard to imagine.
TRAVIS: I'd be a wrestler.
LAURA: That's what you'd be. Yeah definitely.
(laughter)
LAURA: I would probably, I don't know, do
something with animals or biology.
TRAVIS: (snoring)
(laughter)
LAURA: I know. I mean, I would be a bear, and I
would roam the forests.
(applause)
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Trinket!
LAURA: I would be Trinket, that's right.
TRAVIS: You would do something with animals. You
like animals more than people sometimes.
LAURA: I do. If I go to a party, I find the dog at
the party, and I sit, and I pet the dog.
TRAVIS: Yep. It's true.
INTERVIEWER: That's going to be on your profile
now.
LAURA: (laughing) Yeah, exactly!
LAURA: I can talk to you easier than I can talk to
other people.
TRAVIS: If our house was on fire, she would
probably grab the dog instead of me.
(laughter)
LAURA: Because you have a brain and can get out of
the house.
TRAVIS: Ah, that's true.
LAURA: Yeah. I mean, Charlie has a brain too, but
he wouldn't know! And he's so close to the ground
he wouldn't be able to see where to go, man!
(laughter)
LAURA: I just love him so much!
AUDIENCE MEMBER: What breed is he?
LAURA: He's a miniature dachshund.
(yelling)
LAURA: I know, I know! But he's a long-haired
dachshund, so he's super fluffy cute.
TRAVIS: He's like a Swiffer.
(laughter)
LAURA: Yeah.
TRAVIS: He picks up everything on the floor.
LAURA: His tail is so long and fuzzy and like
(sweeping noises). When you take him on a walk it's
a big bunch of leaves trailing behind him all the
time.
TRAVIS: All the shit in his tail.
LAURA: Yeah. He's so cute.
AUDIENCE: A fluffy Roomba!
INTERVIEWER: Out of all the work you've done
what's your favorite role so far and why?
LAURA: Oh, that's hard.
TRAVIS: That's impossible, that's like trying to
pick between your kids, man. Can't do that. It's tough--
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Everybody knows there's a
favorite.
(laughter)
LAURA: Exactly. You all at the same time say what
your favorite character is.
TRAVIS: One, two, three. Go!
[inaudible]
LAURA: Mustang, I heard so many "Mustang"s.
AUDIENCE: (yelling)
LAURA: Jacob!
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Shin-Chan!
LAURA: (as Shin-Chan) "Ooh, I like it! Thank you."
TRAVIS: Ooh?
LAURA: Ooh, Shin, okay.
INTERVIEWER: Is there a character played by
another actor that you wish you would have played?
LAURA: I mean, that's hard. Obviously there's
projects that I loved so much that it would have
been amazing to be a part of, like Mass Effect--
(cheering)
I mean, come on! Commander Shepard is amazing!
But! I feel like I learned so much about voice
acting from playing that game, Like learning from
Jennifer Hale and hearing what she did with the
role and I can't imagine anybody but her being
Commander Shepard she was just so good. So while,
yes, I would have loved to play that part, in no
way would I want to play that game without Jen as voice.
INTERVIEWER: She's amazing.
LAURA: She's fucking phenomenal.
TRAVIS: I wish I could have been--
AUDIENCE MEMBER: She's going to Star Con this
year!
LAURA: Heck yeah, man! Tell her I said hi when she
comes.
TRAVIS: I would have liked to have been Sailor
Moon.
(laughter and cheering)
TRAVIS: Or maybe Bubbles from the Powerpuff
Girls.
LAURA: I'm glad you take these questions so
seriously, Travis.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Do your best Bubbles impression!
TRAVIS: (high pitched) "Bubbles!"
(applause)
LAURA: You could have, you could have totally done
that--
TRAVIS: "Honey Pop!"
LAURA: Nailed it.
TRAVIS: Nailed it.
INTERVIEWER: If you could create your dream role,
what would it be?
TRAVIS: Oh man.
LAURA: Again, I want a video game that takes place
during the Regency so I can play something out of
Pride and Prejudice but in a video game. And I
want to film it in mocap and in mocap I have to
wear one of those dresses.
TRAVIS: I want to do a kamehameha in some game.
But not Dragon Ball Z, something else. Just once.
LAURA: Actually, if we could do like a Critical
Role video game or Critical Role animated project
that would be pretty freaking cool.
(cheering)
TRAVIS: That would be pretty sweet.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: I would pay all the money!
TRAVIS: All of the money.
LAURA: That'd be pretty awesome.
INTERVIEWER: Yeah, that would be awesome. Hardcore
fans know that you guys have been married since 2011.
(cheering)
INTERVIEWER: Congratulations!
LAURA: Don't shake your head at me! Showing off my
beautiful ring!
INTERVIEWER: How did that come to be? Was it love
at first sight? Though I guess it wasn't because you--
LAURA: (laughs) Well, yes you know how we met.
"(muffled) Who is this?"
TRAVIS: Yeah! "Will you marry me and put me in
Dragon Ball Z?"
INTERVIEWER: Was it love in the voice booth?
LAURA: No, we were--
TRAVIS: We knew each other for a long time.
LAURA: Yeah we've been friends since we were 18.
TRAVIS: Yeah.
AUDIENCE: Wow!
TRAVIS: Yeah, we'd worked together for a long
time, we knew each other when she was in Texas and
I was in California and she moved out to
California and then it was sparks baby, sparks!
(laughter)
LAURA: Yeah we started dating right after i moved
out to California, so.
TRAVIS: Yep.
INTERVIEWER: That's sweet. If you could choose
between emotional scenes or action scenes which do
you prefer to do?
TRAVIS: It depends on the project. Sometimes there
are projects that have very emotional scenes but
sometimes it feels a little strange in that
project. Others you're like, "Oh this is really
good, this is some meaty stuff I can sink my teeth
into." Other times you just want to fight. You
want to be cool and have the scene be really
exciting. So it depends on what the show is.
LAURA: If it's just a video game I will prefer to
do something with more story in a video game as
opposed to a straight up fighting game for the
recording process because usually in a fighting
game you don't really get to do very much other
than scream. Which can be kind of painful, to
scream for four hours straight. But those are
crazy fun to play.
INTERVIEWER: Although, Nadine does pose--
LAURA: Nadine is so freaking cool. But that was
mocap I mean we went in and filmed that, yeah--
Oh, is she? Oh hello. We filmed that. Filming all
those scenes is-- and working with Richard
McGonagall-- he's so good! He's so good and he's
so charming. I loved talking to him so much. Yeah.
That was a great project.
INTERVIEWER: It is. I'm still--
LAURA: Still working on it?
INTERVIEWER: Yeah, because of this I haven't
been-- but I'm going to finish it at some point.
LAURA: Oh no!
INTERVIEWER: Are you guys ready to ask some
questions?
AUDIENCE: Yeah!
INTERVIEWER: Let's start!
TRAVIS: Yaass queen.
LAURA: Yaasss! Oh my god! I feel
like--
AUDIENCE MEMBER: I think the mic's off.
LAURA: Oh, are you guys talking? Oh there it is.
Oh hi!
AUDIENCE MEMBER: I've got one question for each.
First, for Laura. We all know you're Kid Trunks
from Dragon Ball Z. How did it feel working with Sean
Schemmel and Christopher Sabat, these big voice actors?
LAURA: (as Kid Trunks) Well, I mean, it was really
awesome working with my dad, but it was kind of
lame working with that dork Goku because, I mean,
he's not as cool as everyone thinks he is.
I mean, he kind of smells bad, I mean,
and he always has food in his teeth.
But my dad, he's like really really cool he takes
me to the park when I ask and he can beat anybody
up. I mean, it's pretty awesome.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Oh my god. (laughter) For Travis:
we love you as Roy Mustang, but if you could be
anyone else from Fullmetal Alchemist besides Roy
Mustang--
LAURA: Lust.
TRAVIS: (as Lust) Yes, I've got my eye you. I'm
Lust. I'm a homunculus. You're going to die.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Speaking of Fullmetal
Alchemist--
LAURA: Oh! There it is! Must-- Oh, there you,
(yelling)!
TRAVIS: Snippity snap snip pah pow!
INTERVIEWER: We were talking about screaming
earlier! Those screams are epic!
LAURA: Those screams were painful! (laughter) Mike
McFarland did not make me do that too many times.
TRAVIS: (singing) "Smores, I'm making 'smores"
LAURA: Aww!
TRAVIS: And, hold it right there.
LAURA: I've got to admit, Mustang was pretty
freaking cool in that scene.
TRAVIS: Boosh!
LAURA: Oh, so badass!
TRAVIS and LAURA: Ever!
TRAVIS: Thank you man.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Hello!
LAURA AND TRAVIS: Hello!
AUDIENCE MEMBER: It's my first time meeting you
and Laura, I want to say, your role in
Resident Evil 6, Helena, the best role
I've ever heard--
LAURA: Thank you!
AUDIENCE MEMBER: --I love the way you played those
scenes, you were kickass.
LAURA: Thank you. That was amazing to get to work
on. Yeah, thank you.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: My question is for both of you,
and it's this. If you woke up in the morning and
you were stuck in an anime or game world, which
anime or game world would you love to be stuck in?
AUDIENCE: Oh boy!
LAURA: Oh jeez!
AUDIENCE: No pressure!
TRAVIS: Actually, somebody asked me something like
this once, and I was like oh I would be in the
Marvel world, except there would be--
LAURA: Dude, that would suck though!
TRAVIS: Yeah, everything would be getting crashed
all the time.
LAURA: All the time!
TRAVIS: If you lived in New York, and you were--
LAURA: And you were just a regular civilian!
TRAVIS and LAURA: Life sucks!
TRAVIS: They had giant whales from outer
space crashing through the buildings, and Thor
is lighting everything up with lightning, Hulk is
smashing everything--
LAURA: Yeah, no--
TRAVIS: No thank you.
LAURA: I would choose Fruits Basket. (laughter)
TRAVIS: Really?
LAURA: Yeah! Because it's pretty normal only--
LAURA: --people turn into animals. That's cool!
TRAVIS: I-- maybe like Adventure Time.
That'd be pretty fun.
LAURA: That would be pretty awesome, okay.
TRAVIS: Or Rick and Morty.
LAURA: Rick and Morty!
TRAVIS: Yeah, Rick and Morty.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Well, thank you.
TRAVIS: Yeah.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Hi.
LAURA: Hello.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Long time fan, very much not into
the community because I never realized that
Travis, you are literally my childhood.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: (deep voice) You're welcome.
AUDIENCE: Travis is my teenage years? (laughter)
And Laura too!
LAURA: Woo!
TRAVIS: But I'm your whole life!
LAURA: I feel old.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Well, any self-respecting fan of
the both of you should know that you, Travis, were
gifted a paddle. A very specific paddle.
AUDIENCE: Oh god.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: If anybody is unfamiliar with the
term, look it up. And I want to ask you, is Laura
a good mini skirt or a bad mini skirt?
AUDIENCE: (gasping)
TRAVIS: I like how half the room over there went
"Oh my god!"
LAURA: That is really graphic, okay?
TRAVIS: There is, like, the harem of mini skirts,
and then there is my wife. And there is
no paddle for my wife.
LAURA: No no. No no.
TRAVIS: (mimicking) Darn.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Welcome to Puerto Rico.
LAURA and TRAVIS: Thank you!
AUDIENCE MEMBER: From all your roles, which one
was the hardest to play for you?
LAURA: You go first.
TRAVIS: There are roles that are very vocally
stressful, there are a lot of-- Some voices are
easy for us to do for long hours, hour hour hour
hour--
LAURA: Hour hour hour hour
TRAVIS: Hour hour hour. Because it's usually
within our normal vocal range. Even Trunks-- for
Laura-- can be super hard because (Trunks voice )
you have to drop your voice down and do this and
it's really gravelly. (normal voice) If there's a
part that, you know, has to go from here and then
drops down (deep voice) deeper and then all of a
sudden (as Grog) you have to do, like, a horrible
accent on it and then maybe he's got a--
LAURA: Grog?
TRAVIS: --he's got really big teeth and then all
of a sudden, like, it's all messy like this,
right? (normal voice) It's kinda hard, so really
vocally stressful voices are pretty tough to do
for long amounts of time.
LAURA: Yeah.
TRAVIS: Those can be tough.
LAURA: Yeah, like Omochao in Sonic? Yeah,
which is so well loved by everyone, I know,
Yeah, I know, right?
AUDIENCE: Actually, I ended up liking her because
you were voicing her!
LAURA: Aww, thanks! I think he's a boy though.
Yeah, it was super duper painful.
I remember auditioning for it and I almost
sprained my vocal cords just doing the audition
for it. Because it was (as Omochao) super duper
high! Like this all the time! And I think my face
turns bright red as I'm doing it. (normal voice)
And I was like "Dear God don't let me get this
role" and then I booked it. And it was like four
hours at a time doing that voice and my director
actually had to re-teach me– and this is after
I'd been voice acting for, you know, 12 years–
teach me how to stand in the booth in order to get
that kind of a voice to happen and maintain it for
that long. Because I'd gotten so used to my own
postures and my own way of doing things, and for
something like that you really have to be
technical with it in order to sustain.
TRAVIS: (as Grog) Yeah.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Thank you.
INTERVIEWER: Has there been any role that's
emotionally draining?
LAURA: Oh, yeah.
TRAVIS: Yeah. A lot of them are. But that's the
nice thing about acting is that you are engaged in
it in the day and then you go home and let it go.
LAURA: Do you though? I mean, that's why it's so
hard.
TRAVIS: If you're sane!
LAURA: I mean, yeah. It's hard though. Because
when you're doing something that's draining and
emotional and depressing and you're in that state
for a long period of time, it's really hard to
shake that emotion out of your body. Like when I
recorded Fruits Basket, at the very end of it--
AUDIENCE: Oh God!
LAURA: I remember coming out of the booth and
thinking that I was the worst actor in the world,
and I was terrible and I was--
TRAVIS: Because you are.
LAURA: ...doing a horrible job, and-- (laughter)
I love you. (laughter) Justin Cook had to be
like "You-- it's sounding really good!" And
I was so in that state, in Tohru's headspace that,
you know, I thought everything was really bad, so
it gets to you sometimes.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Hello Laura, hello Travis.
LAURA: Hello.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Hope you have a wonderful time
here. For this question, I need you two to think
of two specific characters that you've portrayed
over the years, as anime, video games, or even
Critical Role– well not Critical Role, but games
like role playing games--
LAURA: Okay.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: If you had the opportunity to
bring two of these characters into our reality so
they could be your best friends to hang
out/drinking buddies/whatever,
who would they be and why?
TRAVIS: Oh geez.
(laughter)
AUDIENCE: Mustang? Mustang!
TRAVIS: No, no, no! You don't want to be best
friends with Roy Mustang. He gets all the girls.
LAURA: (laughing) He gets all the girls!
TRAVIS: It sucks. I would have Thor be a best
friend because he would drink (as Thor) all of the
ale that I would drink. (normal voice) And I would
not be best friends with Grog because we would get
in fights every one or two days in a row.
Thor and [mumbly voice].
AUDIENCE: Batman!
TRAVIS: Not Batman, that guy's a jerk.
LAURA: I would probably choose Maka as one of--
She's so cool! And hopefully she brings
Soul with her--
TRAVIS: (laughter) Hopefully!
LAURA: Hopefully! I would be best friends with
Vex'ahlia.
TRAVIS: Would you?
LAURA: Yeah! Are you kidding? She's so
cool!
TRAVIS: Meh, I don't know.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Personally, I'd be friends with
Lemley from Titansgrave.
LAURA: Oh! Lemley! Are you kidding! But no, I
mean, she's crazy. She would-- I mean,
she's awesome.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: I'd try Roy, believe it or not.
TRAVIS: Would you? Nice, thanks.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Hello!
LAURA: Hello hello!
AUDIENCE MEMBER: This is a question for Grog,
actually.
TRAVIS: (as Grog) Yeah, I'm all ears. What do you
want to say?
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Well, you see, I'm going to be a
barbarian soon and I need a little bit of tips and
advice to know how to actually crack skulls.
TRAVIS: (as Grog) Yeah, cracking skulls is like a
lost art form, so here's what you do. You go out
and grab skull A and you grab it with your hand,
and then you go and grab skull B and you grab it
with your hand, and then you make A B smash! And
then you smash! again. And they're
going "No please don't smash my head!" "Oh no it
hurts so much!" and smash! And then you keep
smashing until they don't talk anymore. And then
you're a barbarian.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Thanks.
TRAVIS: (as Grog) Yeah.
LAURA: It's really technical, head smashing...
TRAVIS: (as Grog) It's a lost art form, really.
LAURA: Yeah, yeah.
AUDIENCE: There's a lot of technique to that.
TRAVIS: (as Grog) Yeah, I learned it from a
samurai.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Hello!
LAURA: Hello!
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Okay, I have a question, one for
Laura and then one for Travis.
LAURA: Okay.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Laura.
LAURA: Yes!
AUDIENCE MEMBER: As a huge RPG fan, I have to
mention one of your most underappreciated roles
I've ever seen. Kainé from the game Nier.
LAURA: Thank you.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Holy shit! I love the way you
were swearing your ass off!
LAURA: Thank you so much.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: It was beautiful. Sorry.
LAURA: I would do it, but there-- we're all
old in this room, right?
TRAVIS: Take one look at--
LAURA: There's video cameras, yeah-- uh hi.
TRAVIS: I do see one child.
LAURA: Oh, see, there you go, so I'm going to be
on my best behavior right now.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: There's only one child.
And for Travis, how did it feel voicing
the gag reels in BlazBlue as Relius Clover?
TRAVIS: Uh-- I don't remember
them.
LAURA: What!?
TRAVIS: I think it was funny at the time but I
actually can't remember them. That's one of those
games where we pop in for an hour or two and then
we leave and we don't ever know--
LAURA: We don't ever get to see it any more!
TRAVIS: Yeah.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Okay, thank you.
LAURA and TRAVIS: Thank you.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Hi!
TRAVIS: Hi!
LAURA: Hello!
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Well, I ask this question at
every single game panel and I always get really
great answers, so I'm really excited to see yours.
What's the weirdest thing you've ever said in booth?
TRAVIS: I have mine.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: I feel like there's a list. But,
like, what is the weirdest thing?
TRAVIS: In an anime called Glass Fleet--
LAURA: Oh, yeah, well.
TRAVIS: I played this character called Cleo and
you play-- what was your character's name again?
LAURA: Michel
TRAVIS: Yeah, Michel. Cleo's call, like his
slogan, is he would take out his harmonica, flip
it through the air, catch it and say "Feel my
wind." I was like– I could see it on
the page like, "Feel my wind?
TRAVIS: What does that mean? Is he farting?
LAURA: I feel like something got lost in
translation.
TRAVIS: It doesn't make any sense. And then, sure
enough, at the end of the series, Laura's
character comes up and says--
LAURA: (as Michel) I feel it. I can
feel your wind. (normal voice) She's standing
like right behind him as she says it.
TRAVIS: That's when we both broke.
LAURA: Yeah. There was amazing outtakes on
that on that project. I wish we could have released
just a whole DVD of the whole series
redubbed with just our outtakes.
TRAVIS: Yup!
LAURA: Mine definitely came from some thing in
Shin-Chan. Pretty much almost everything Shin
says, but-- (as Shin) I do remember saying–
cover your ears little one--
TRAVIS: Earmuffs!
LAURA: (as Shin) Last one to the basement is a
dead hooker! They were playing CSI, I think is--
TRAVIS: Like you say.
LAURA: Like you say, yeah.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Thank you so much.
TRAVIS: You're welcome.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Hi.
LAURA: Hi!
AUDIENCE MEMBER: I've been wanting to ask this
forever. Omaru is my favorite anime from all time.
And shows like that, where you literally set your
wife on fire repeatedly – spoilers – and like
InFamous where you disintegrated your husband--
(laughter) how awkward is that? And do you keep
competition, like "oh, I killed you in this game"
or "I killed you in this series." Is that awkward?
(laughter)
TRAVIS: Who's winning?
AUDIENCE MEMBER: What's the kill count?
TRAVIS: I think I'm winning.
LAURA: Are you? We have not kept count, but now I
really want to add it up.
INTERVIEWER: I think she wins by this much?
LAURA: I feel like I've won.
TRAVIS: What!? No!
LAURA: I bet-- we've gotta go through them, we've
gotta go through and figure this out--
AUDIENCE: Homework!
LAURA: I know, it's homework. I think somebody needs
to do the math on that. I think it's fun.
TRAVIS: Yeah. It's so much fun. Or, like
(singsong voice) I get to kill you!
LAURA: It's so weird because why don't we ever
get cast on the same team?
We're always on opposite sides.
TRAVIS: No we get-- in Avengers on the same
team.
LAURA: All right. Fine.
TRAVIS: There are times when we're on the same
team. It's always fun though. It was weird doing
FullMetal Alchemist because she went in and
recorded all of her death screams first and, you
know, I'm married to her but I've never heard my
wife scream like she's being burned to death.
I came in to her going "Aahhh!" and I'm
going "oh my gosh!"
LAURA: I feel really bad.
TRAVIS: Now I feel bad.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: The same
TRAVIS: Then you do it a couple of times and
you're like "This is amazing."
LAURA: I'll bet.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Thank you so much.
TRAVIS: Cool!
LAURA: Thank you!
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Hello.
TRAVIS: Mother of dragons.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Yes I am.
LAURA: Dracarys.
TRAVIS: There you go.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Okay, I wanted to ask you guys if
you-- when you search for roles do you usually do
them together? Like when you look for a job do you
go together?
TRAVIS: That's a good question.
LAURA: Yeah, no.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: So it's coincidence when you get
together.
TRAVIS: Yeah. It's a total coincidence. We
audition separately. I don't think we've-- we
might have auditioned together once or twice but
it's super rare. We usually audition on different days.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: But for the same job? Well not
the same job but the show or game?
TRAVIS and LAURA: Yeah.
TRAVIS: Because that show will come out and
they'll put out auditions for all of the
characters and we-- you can turn it down, pull it
down. There you go. We audition separately and if
we get to be in the same show we're like yay
double prizes.
LAURA: Yeah it's pretty cool. Like we went in and
they didn't even know we were married, they didn't
even know we knew each other when we did InFamous.
In fact, one person at the company knew that we
were married and they didn't tell anyone because
they didn't want it to affect anything because
they'll like, "Oh well this is Reggie's actual
wife coming in to play Delsin's girlfriend." Weird.
TRAVIS: Yeah. We showed up on the mocap stage in
the morning and I went over and got a cup of
coffee and gave her a kiss then one of the guys
was like, "Oh shit, you guys are close. Wow you
Californians are so informal, lovey-dovey that was
right on the mouth." I was like "Yeah man, watch
this." and I reach over and pinch her ass. She's
like "Stop it!" He's like, "Dude you can't do
that!" I'm like, "I bet you I can!"
LAURA: That happened on Halo too. We showed up, we
walked into the stage together and they're like,
"Did you guys drive together? That's weird."
TRAVIS: I'm like, "Yeah we drove together." and
they're like, "Ah, ok, that's weird."
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Thank you.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Hello Travis and Miss Bailey.
LAURA: Hello.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: This question is mostly to
Travis--
TRAVIS: You can turn it back up. There you go.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: If you were in Ginko's shoes from
Mushishi what mushi would you rather end, at least
if you were really fascinated or at the very least
being scared of?
TRAVIS: Oh, so Mushishi was this gorgeous anime
where I played a character named Ginko where that
hunts these invisible creatures of the spirit
realm that only he can see.
LAURA: It's beautiful.
TRAVIS: Gorgeous. There is one that invades your
eyeballs.
LAURA: I was in that episode.
TRAVIS: You were! And it invades your eyeballs and
under the moonlight it comes pouring out of your
eyes and straight up towards the sky which would
make me run the opposite direction. But I would
like to avoid that one. Because that's freaky as
hell.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: I bid adieu.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Hello guys. As I told you guys in
the booth I'm really looking forward to moving to
LA soon to be a voice actor. I want to know how do
agents operate because I've had the privilege of
working with Bang Zoom and I know they operate
kind of differently, since then you go in and then
you audition or speak directly to Mami or any of
those guys and then you get started. How do agents work?
TRAVIS: It depends. Bang Zoom does a lot of
different projects, they do non-union work and
union projects at the same time. They usually
really like a good demo. They like to hear your
range, what kind of accents you can do, how much
flexibility you have. And that's pretty much it.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: They do all the rest, right?
TRAVIS: What's that?
AUDIENCE MEMBER: They do the rest.
TRAVIS: Yeah.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Hand over the demo, they take
over.
LAURA: Yeah, agents are-- you have to send out
your demos and hope that they contact you because
a lot of times it's hard to get an agent starting
out as an actor because they have limited slots in
their agencies and everything. It's good to find a
smaller agency that is good at building up talent
when you're new. And so do some research on
boutique agencies or something like that. Also,
since you have worked at Bang Zoom, maybe talk to
some of the other actors or even Mami or something
at Bang Zoom and say, "What agencies do you work
with the most? After I worked with you a couple
times would it be okay if you recommended me to
that agent?" Because that's the best way to get in
and actually get signed is to have somebody that
is a client, somebody that hires people, to say,
"I would hire this person. I would like for you to
meet with them." And then they'll know that you
will get hired and they'll be able to submit on
auditions and everything.
TRAVIS: Yes.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Thank you guys so much.
LAURA: You're welcome.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Hey guys. I have a question for
both of you. You were talking about Catherine,
that's one of my favorite games ever. I wanted to know
what was the process for Catherine and have you played the
game? Did you like it afterwards? What do you
think?
TRAVIS: It's a hard game.
LAURA: I played a little bit of it and it was-- I
sucked. But the recording process for it was,
sadly, it was one at a time.
TRAVIS: Yeah, we didn't record together. They did
a pretty good job of telling us what the basic
story was but most of the time we didn't get to
hear what the other character sounded like and
they didn't really make us aware of what the
gameplay was like.
LAURA: No, no.
TRAVIS: Also part of the gameplay was super hard.
We gave it a try. Like we try and play some of the
games. If it's really, really difficult though we
will probably not play it.
LAURA: Yeah well-- depending on the game.
TRAVIS: Depending on how much we like it. Because
we have a very finite amount of free time and
there are games that require like 40 hours of
gameplay. We're like, we have to go play Dragon Age.
LAURA: Like Dragon Age, like RPGs, like I'm in and
going to play it forever. But that was one of the
games where I had no idea what I was until we had
recorded a bunch and Valerie Arem, who was the
voice director on that, she's like, "I don't want
to tell you everything that's going to happen, so
we're going to record things." It's like you
thinking that you're one thing and then towards
the end she was like "Just kidding." Now what
happens?
TRAVIS: She wanted to make it a surprise.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Thank you.
LAURA: Thank you.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Hi.
TRAVIS: Hi.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: I'm still kind of shocked about
the roles you guys have made-- I knew Laura being
Lucina from Fire Emblem but I didn't know about
Travis being both King Garin and, surprisingly, Knuckles.
TRAVIS: I dig that.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: I kind of want to make-- Sorry--
I was wondering. Sorry I'm-- It was kind of an
alt-right thing.
TRAVIS: It wasn't.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: I want to ask the both of you but
since one question per person. Ok, so-- Laura,
were you expecting Lucina to be this big? And
Travis, how does it feel with working with--
probably for both of you, how does it feel
working-- having worked on Fire Emblem?
TRAVIS: Well done.
LAURA: It's amazing having worked on Fire
Emblem. So happy to have been a part of that game.
I had no idea Lucina was going to be as popular as
she is and that makes me so happy. That game, I
didn't know the name of it when we were recording
it because a lot of times everything is a secret.
You'll go in and they won't tell you what the
actual title is and so somebody came up and
through the whole script my name was Marth. Like
it never changed to Lucina. Somebody came up and
wanted me to sign something for Fire Emblem and
they were like, "You're Lucina!" and I was like,
"Mmm no, I don't know what you're talking about. I
don't know what that game is." Finally I see a
picture and went, "Oh! Oh Marth." and they're
like, "Oh yeah but Lucina." I get to back and look
at all this stuff and I'm like, God I'm an idiot I
had no idea.
TRAVIS: We didn't have a lot of sessions on that
game either, so it was only until we started to a
few conventions and we learned how much people
loved the game and how popular it was that we
really started to appreciate how great of a story
it was. It was really great.
LAURA: That game got me a discount on our dining
table.
TRAVIS: Did it really?
LAURA: It really did. I walked into the furniture
store and the guy wasn't really helping me and I
was like, "I like this table." and he was like
"Ok." and he was on his console and playing Fire
Emblem. I'm like, "Oh hey, that's me." and he's
like, "What? What do you want? What do you want?"
TRAVIS: Thank you for your question.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Hello.
LAURA: Hello.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: I want to ask both of you.
TRAVIS: Winry! Woo!
LAURA: It took you that long?
TRAVIS: Nah-- yeah.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: What triggered you to get into
voice acting? How do you get there? How do you get
into voice acting?
TRAVIS: Good question. We both started out doing
film and TV, regular acting and stuff like that.
Voiceover is a little more-- it's a different
skill set, so it's different than being able to
use your face to act, being able to use your body
to act and being very subtle and not using your
voice as much. You have a microphone so whenever
you're being recorded someone needs to know that
you're angry or upset or jealous or there's rage
boiling under the surface. And we recognized we
had the ability to communicate those things with
just our voice. There are a lot of people that try
voice over, that come to it in games, that come
from the film and TV world, and it takes a while
for them to get used to it. And being that we're
both really big gamers, we know what sort of
dialogue is needed in certain projects. I really
loved Dragon Ball Z, so I watched it all the time,
so I really had an appreciation for anime. Laura
loves playing RPGs like Mass Effect and Dragon
Age, and Elder Scrolls, and things like that, so
she really does very well in those types of
recording sessions. If you really really want to
pursue voice over, we always say study and
practice acting as much as you can. Take classes,
see what your voice can do, see what you can do,
try and surprise yourself. Record yourself, if you
have a phone; usually there's something to record
your voice with, if you have a computer. Practice
trying to imitate different voices and see what
kind of flexibility you have. It's just about
deciding what you really want and going for it.
LAURA: It's good to read books out loud, as well,
because a lot of times, especially in voiceover,
you don't get the script ahead of time. In
animation a lot of times you do, but in video
games, you don't get the script. You're reading on
the fly, you're cold reading almost everything. To
be able to read a book out loud and not screw up
too much is a really good sign that you'll be able
to do that sort of thing in the booth as well. And
also, I always think it's smart to take voice
lessons, even if you don't want to be a singer.
Voice lessons help you increase your range, and
that made a big difference with me being able to
voice little girls and also people like Lust,
because that range was there already.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Well thank you.
TRAVIS: You're welcome.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Hello again.
LAURA: Hello.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: My question is, without spoiling
anything,
LAURA: Oh gosh.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: How are you feeling knowing there
is no Critical Role next week after what happened
in the last episode?
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Holy shit!
LAURA: No spoilers! We're always nervous going
in.
TRAVIS: We're always nervous. I feel fine!
(laughter)
TRAVIS: I'm not worried. I mean, I don't know, I'm
feeling okay. We really don't know what to expect,
but that's every week, that's the great thing
about D&D is that it's very much like improv. We
don't have a script, we don't have any idea what
we're going to do. Matt throws something at us and
we just react. It's not like we can be really
disappointed if it goes wrong because it's not
like we spent a ton of time going "This is the
best idea I have, it's foolproof and it can't go
wrong." We're like (fart noise). We just make
stuff up.
LAURA: Well, I think that's a Grog mentality as
well.
TRAVIS: It's a good mentality to have.
LAURA: Because for sure there's no way that Liam
is like "I'm going to fly by the seat of my
pants." Liam is like "What can I plan, what can I
plan, what can I plan?"
TRAVIS: Which is pointless.
LAURA: There's no point. He planned what he was
going to do last week and that turned out well.
TRAVIS: It went to shit real quick. There's really
no point in planning.
LAURA: It's all about the dice roll.
TRAVIS: Especially when your fate is decided by a
twenty sided dice. This is a great idea! One. Who cares?
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Thank you.
LAURA: Thank you.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: My question is, for start,
you know this series called Zelda, his name's Link.
If he had more dialogue, what would you think
his voice would sound like?
LAURA: What would his voice sound like?
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Yeah. If he has real dialogue.
TRAVIS: (deep voice) He sound like this man.
(laughter and cheers)
TRAVIS: (deep voice) Yeah baby, my name is Link.
I'm trying to get after that legend of Zelda.
(laughter)
LAURA: Nice, very nice.
TRAVIS: That's it, man.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Thank you.
INTERVIEWER: I would play that game.
TRAVIS: There you go. (deep voice) Got me a new
magic sword. How you like my pointy ears, baby?
AUDIENCE MEMBER: What's up?
LAURA: Hi!
AUDIENCE MEMBER: First of all, welcome to Puerto
Rico, if this is your first time, but anyway. My
question is what is your favorite phrase from each
of the characters you've performed?
TRAVIS: Oh Jesus.
LAURA: Every single character ever?
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Just choose one or two.
LAURA: "My magic will tear you apart!"
(cheering)
TRAVIS: "I would like to rage!"
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Thank you so much.
TRAVIS: You're welcome.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Hey guys.
LAURA: Hello!
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Here's a quick question since
everyone's been rushing to the questions. Laura,
how did it feel to be the president of the United
States of America? And fighting aliens.
LAURA: Thank you for asking. It felt, well damn
it. It felt good. It felt f-ing good.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: That is what I was hoping for
thank you.
LAURA: F-ing good. An f-ing tiger? F-ing Burt
Reynolds, what?
(laughter)
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Hey again. This one is aimed at
Travis. One of my favorite, favorite animes that I
have seen you do is-- also Full Metal when I was a
teenager-- is Ouran High School Host Club where
you're Mori-senpai.
(cheering)
TRAVIS: Yeah!
AUDIENCE MEMBER: He is a man of few words and in
the blooper reel you lost it when Mori-senpai was
trying to grab Honey away from the cake. How many
times did you lose it while watching the show?
TRAVIS: I think I said more in the blooper reels
than I actually said in the show. Because all I
did was, "(hums) Fancy tuna." I think I blew that
take six times. Six or seven times. It would start
and it looked so-- I think I was pretty tired too,
we'd been recording like, seven hours in a small
little closet type booth.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: You go crazy.
TRAVIS: You go nuts. It looked really funny so I'd
be like, "(starts, laughs)" like I couldn't stop
laughing. So probably six or seven times.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Thank you.
TRAVIS: You're welcome.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Hi, I made it.
LAURA: Hello.
TRAVIS: "I made it!"
AUDIENCE MEMBER: My question is, how was it
voicing Catherine and Johnny for the game
Catherine and are you people who like the game?
LAURA: It was awesome.
TRAVIS: It was great! It was a lot of fun. I mean,
it was full of--
LAURA: I'm trying to think of something that I
haven't said about Catherine!
TRAVIS: I know!
INTERVIEWER: Did you have an idea of the overall
theme of the game and how profound it ended up being?
LAURA: Oh, yeah, well a lot of the game, what we
recorded was to picture which is really nice. It
was kind of like recording an anime in that
regard? I got to see what her mannerisms were as
we were recording so that really helped. I was
surprised because she has such a distinctive look
about her-- did you like the way I phrased that?
That the voice that they wanted was such a
youthful, sweet, innocent sort of voice. But then
after it was explained, after we got to the point
that it was, and I realized what she was and why
she behaved the way she did, it made perfect sense
for her to have that very youthful innocent sort
of sound because, I mean it was so perfect. It was
such an amazing project to be a part of and get to
work with Travis and Troy and all of our best
friends on that game, is awesome.
TRAVIS: It was a close-knit crew. And it's like
the main difference between anime and original
animation stuff is that with anime or projects
that are like Catherine, there's an animation that
already exists so we have to dub to it, right?
We're kind of confined to what's already drawn.
The lip flaps don't change, you can't make stuff
up. But with original animation you can be as
crazy as you want to and then they'll animate you
so it's two totally different processes.
LAURA: And if I remember correctly on Catherine
some of the mouth hadn't been animated yet. They
were still working out the mechanics for how the
mouth was going to move with the dialogue so we
were actually recording to sound files matching
the timing of the Japanese sound files as opposed
to matching the actual animation. That's a whole
different sort of process when you're recording
long chunks of dialogue to specific timing is very
very strange.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Thank you.
LAURA: Thank you!
(applause)
LAURA: Is that it? Aw man!
INTERVIEWER: We're running out of time, but are we
grateful that Travis and Laura came to Puerto Rico
to come visit us?
(cheering)
INTERVIEWER: We are so so grateful for your visit
for sharing this little-- it was a very
enjoyable experience. I was wondering, in every
conference we have in the video game conference
room we've taken a selfie with the public.
LAURA: Oh awesome! Yeah!
INTERVIEWER: And would you be willing to do--
TRAVIS: Yeah totally!
LAURA: Yeah that's awesome!
INTERVIEWER: Perfect.
LAURA: Do we just come down there?
INTERVIEWER: No, they need to come--
LAURA: They need to come up! Oh, awesome!
INTERVIEWER: Down to the stage, down to the
stage.
(murmuring)
LAURA: We should turn around and take the
picture?
INTERVIEWER: No someone is going to come up--
LAURA: Oh awesome!
LAURA: Oh my gosh this is so exciting!
LAURA: Do you want to stand on a chair?
CAMERA MAN: I think I should, right?
(cheering)
LAURA: I kind of want to take a selfie this way,
too! Hold on.
CAMERA MAN: Okay one, two, three! That's it.
(cheering)
CAMERA MAN: Everyone together! Okay. You got to get
in there.
(laughter)
CAMERA MAN: All right! One, two, and, three! Now I
want you to scream!
(cheering)
(music)